# IndustryPracticum
Industry project completed as part of MS Business Analytics program for a National Auto-Parts retailer 

Automotive aftermarket is forecasted to growing at the rate of 12.5% for the next five years. With this exponential growth, one of biggest dilemma for a company is to understand areas to invest in and to understand how quickly can they break-even once a store is opened.
This project aims to provide the industry partner a solution which can easily track the performance of a new store and also estimates the risk associated and time it will take to break-even the initial investment. For that we devised a methodology of forecasting the sales of the new store for the next one year would be a good indicator for ROI of a new store. As there was no historical data available for a New Store, we first clustered the exisisting stores using K-means,PAM,CLARA and other unsupervised learning techniques, into clusters based on demograhics, geospatial and vehicle data. Once the exisisting stores are clustered, we take test set of stores opened recently in 2017 and tag them as new stores and then classify them using k-NN back to one of the exisisting clusters. Then we use the aggregate mean of the cluster as the historical data for the test stores. We then used univariate time series forecasting techniques like ARIMA, ETS, HW and bootstrapped the history to simulate the exisiting data to generate accurate forecasts. We were able to achieve an accuracy of 91-92% for the test stores on average.
